get pooped on yeah yeah about to get
crazy up in here yeah you all right zoo
i loves you will stop baby girls yeah
just started to 04 bar connection geez
Christmas for me oh my god I would have
missed that guy up to off look you cave
in you came and dog you can't be oh shit
I gotta put I stunned him
all I would have been dirty shit got a
plan Ranger and you gotta mk14 play like
it you doing
we got pooped on
I don't think he knows who I am I'm
crazy damn it zombie bros sit down son
shit doing it papers see really trying
to ladder stall somebody
I leave my way meme bone oh my god
lively there you can employment in a
trifling above the queuing t release my
clean team bone
Thank You charlie
standing by daddy says no oh yes night
daddy oh nice triple oh shit oh shit
shit move pig no no no no no no no Oh
enemy Huey wow what objective you to
work so probably avoid this oh yeah why
can't I ain't with this gun I'm host you
guys are done you're done sons
enemy be treated to incoming all right
I blame their unemployment I'm five
leaves in there danke shit why don't you
get that guy on your left dog do you
mean oh you got acquired it you got a
broken quadri with napalm mortar I'm
privately into their losing on top by
playing that a different employment I've
I believed in their ships for this
morning I thought I come here
shit that was dangerous what I just
tried to do all shit gonna be patient oh
don't mess a daddy quadfeed broken but
whatever can I clean them up some of the
trap is you got that trampled we got
that trampled nice nice bud this is a
really quiet game so I got these babies
Bradley 519 bone 00 01 all right dad
damnit gray FK is tight what are you
ending by where is everybody on this
team Gordon a 13th firing for effect
oh shit voice Charlie our Bible a
business hours or whatever do the offer
on the way oh my god haha you gotta
hitch on me kind of sad i get more kills
in domination alright headquarters and I
do in there
look for kills and headquarters I'm
doing like me an 18-man a thong that's
all you good
oh hey get pooped on oh we gonna get
turned on so Vanga press aide nope why
why nipple slice